Add unit tests for group validation webhook OSD-3361 (#63)
openshift/managed-cluster-validating-webhooks: README.md

Configuration for this webhook is provided by environment variables:

> * `GROUP_VALIDATION_PROTECTED_GROUP_REGEX` - Regular expression for protected group names, such as `osd-` to apply to `CREATE`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE` operations on groups starting with `osd-`. (default: `(^osd-sre.*|^dedicated-admins$|^cluster-admins$|^layered-cs-sre-admins$)`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GROUP_VALIDATION_PROTECTED_GROUP_REGEX` - Regular expression for groups that cannot be edited by non-SRE users, such as `osd-` to apply to `CREATE`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE` operations on groups starting with `osd-`. (default: `(^osd-sre.*|^dedicated-admins$|^cluster-admins$|^layered-cs-sre-admins$)`)
```
